# saf.ai - Data Processing Addendum (\"**DPA**\")

This Data Processing Addendum (\"**DPA**\") forms a part of the sāf.ai
Terms of Service found at <https://docs.saf.ai/policies/saf.ai-tos>,
unless you (\"**Customer**\" aka \"**Subscriber**\") has entered into a
superseding written master subscription agreement with sāf.ai, Inc.
(\"sāf.ai\"), in which case, it forms a part of such written agreement
(in either case, the \"**Agreement**\").

By signing the DPA or executing an Agreement that explicitly states that
the DPA is incorporated by reference, Customer enters into this DPA on
behalf of itself and, to the extent required under Applicable Data
Protection Laws, in the name and on behalf of any Affiliates (defined
below) who are authorized to use the sāf.ai Services. If you are
entering into this DPA on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or
other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the
authority to bind that company or legal entity to this DPA. In that
case, \"**Customer**\" or \"**Subscriber**\" will refer to that company
or other legal entity. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall
have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

In the course of providing the sāf.ai Services under the Agreement,
sāf.ai may process certain Customer Personal Data (such terms defined
below) on behalf of Customer and where sāf.ai processes such Customer
Personal Data on behalf of Customer the parties agree to comply with the
terms and conditions in this DPA in connection with such Customer
Personal Data.

## HOW TO EXECUTE THIS DPA

1. If you are an Azure sāf.ai user, please STOP and reach out to us at
    <privacy@saf.ai>.
2. This DPA consists of two parts: the main body of the DPA, and
    Annexes A, B and C (including Appendices 1, 2 and 3 to Annex C).
3. This DPA has been pre-signed on behalf of sāf.ai. The Standard
    Contractual Clauses in Annex C have been pre-signed by sāf.ai, Inc.
    as the data importer. This DPA will be null and void if any changes
    are made to it beyond filling out the sections described in 5,
    below.
4. If you execute an Agreement that explicitly states that this DPA is
    incorporated, you do not need to take any further action to execute
    this DPA; your execution of the Agreement constitutes execution of
    the DPA.
5. If you have not executed an Agreement that explicitly states this
    DPA is incorporated, to complete this DPA, Customer must:

    a.  Complete the information and sign the main DPA \[signature
        box\]\_.

    b.  Complete the information as the data exporter in \[Annex A\]\_.

    c.  Complete the information and sign the \[Appendix 1\]\_ and
        \[Annex C\]\_.
6. Send the completed and signed DPA to sāf.ai by email, directed to
    <dpa@saf.ai>.

Upon the earlier of (i) the execution of an Agreement that explicitly
states that the DPA is incorporated into the Agreement by reference; and
(ii) receipt of the validly completed DPA by sāf.ai at the above email
address, this DPA will become legally binding.

## HOW THIS DPA APPLIES TO CUSTOMER AND ITS AFFILIATES

If the Customer entity signing this DPA is a party to the Agreement,
this DPA is an addendum to and forms part of the Agreement. In such
case, the sāf.ai entity that is party to the Agreement is party to this
DPA. If the Customer entity signing this DPA has executed an Order Form
with sāf.ai pursuant to the Agreement, but is not itself a party to the
Agreement, this DPA is an addendum to that Order Form and applicable
renewal Order Forms, and the sāf.ai entity that is party to such Order
Form is party to this DPA. If the Customer entity signing this DPA is
neither a party to an Order Form nor the Agreement, this DPA is not
valid and is not legally binding. Such entity should request that the
Customer entity who is a party to the Agreement executes this DPA.

1. DEFINITIONS

    1. \"**Affiliate**\" means, with respect to the identified party,
        any entity that is directly or indirectly controlled by,
        controlling or under common control with such party.
    2. \"**Applicable Data Protection Laws**\" means all worldwide data
        protection and privacy laws and regulations applicable to
        Customer Personal Data in question, including, where applicable
        and without limitation, EU Data Protection Law and the
        California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
    3. \"**Authorized Person(s)**\" means any person who processes
        Customer Personal Data on sāf.ai\'s behalf, including sāf.ai\'s
        employees, officers, partners, principals, contractors and
        Subprocessors.
    4. \"**California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018**\" or \"**CCPA**\"
        means Cal. Civ. Code §1798.100, et seq., as amended.
    5. \"**Cloud Provider**\" means, unless specified otherwise in an
        Order Form or the Agreement, Google Cloud Environment.
    6. \"**Customer Cloud Environment**\" has the meaning given to it
        in the Agreement, or if not therein defined, means the cloud
        environment provided by the Cloud Provider into which sāf.ai
        deploys the Customer Data Plane.
    7. \"**Customer Content**\" has the meaning given to it in the
        Agreement, or if not therein defined, means all Customer Data,
        Customer Instructional Input, and Customer Results.
    8. \"**Customer Data**\" means the data, other than Customer
        Instructional Input, made available by Customer and its
        Authorized Users for processing by, or use within, the
        Subscription Services, including without limitation Personal
        Data to the extent therein contained.
    9. \"**Customer Data Plane**\" has the meaning given to it in the
        Agreement, or if not therein defined, means the elements of the
        Platform Services deployed into the Customer Cloud Environment;
        the primary processing of Customer Data by the Platform Services
        occurs within the Customer Data Plane and this activity results
        in fees being charged to Customer by Cloud Provider (e.g., for
        EC2 compute resources in the Customer Cloud Environment). For
        the avoidance of doubt, the term Customer Data Plane does not
        include Customer-controlled storage, including but not limited
        to Customer\'s Google Cloud Storage, Big Query tables, (and for
        which Customer may incur separate charges).
    10. \"**Customer Instructional Input**\" has the meaning given to it
        in the Agreement, or if not therein defined, means information
        other than Customer Data that Customer inputs into the Platform
        Services to direct how the Platform Services process Customer
        Data, including without limitation the code and any libraries
        (including third party libraries) Customer utilizes within the
        Platform Services.
    11. \"**Customer Personal Data**\" means any Customer Content that
        is Personal Data.
    12. \"**Customer Results**\" has the meaning given to it in the
        Agreement, or if not therein defined, means any output Customer
        or its Authorized Users generate from their use of the Platform
        Services. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Customer Results
        does not include Usage Data.
    13. \"**Data Subject**\" means the identified or identifiable
        natural person to whom the Customer Personal Data relates,
        including 'consumers\' (as defined in the CCPA) where
        applicable.
    14. \"**sāf.ai Control Plane**\" has the meaning given to it in the
        Agreement, or if not therein defined, means the elements of the
        Platform Services residing within sāf.ai\'s Cloud Provider
        account, including without limitation the user interface of the
        Platform Services.
    15. \"**sāf.ai Group**\" means sāf.ai, Inc. and its Affiliates.
    16. \"**sāf.ai Services**\" means the Subscription Services and
        other services sāf.ai provides under an Agreement.
    17. \"**EEA**\" means, for the purposes of this DPA, the European
        Economic Area and its member states, including the United
        Kingdom (regardless of whether the United Kingdom leaves the EU
        or the EEA), and Switzerland.
    18. \"**EU Data Protection Law**\" means Regulation 2016/679 of the
        European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of
        natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data
        and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection
        Regulation) (\"**GDPR**\").
    19. \"**Model Clauses**\" means the Standard Contractual Clauses
        (controller to processor) promulgated by the EU Commission
        Decision 2010/87/EU attached as Annex C.
    20. \"**Personal Data**\" means information relating to an
        identified or identifiable Data Subject; an identifiable natural
        person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in
        particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an
        identification number, location data, an online identifier or to
        one or more factors specific to their physical, physiological,
        genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. For the
        avoidance of doubt, Personal Data includes, where applicable,
        personally identifiable information and personal information (as
        defined in the CCPA).
    21. \"**Platform Services**\" has the meaning given to it in the
        Agreement, or if not therein defined, means the subscription
        software data processing services to which Customer is
        subscribed.
    22. \"**Privacy Shield**\" means the EU-US Privacy Shield
        self-certification program operated by the U.S. Department of
        Commerce and approved by the European Commission pursuant to
        Decision C(2016)4176 dated July 12, 2016 (as may be amended,
        superseded, or replaced).
    23. \"**Privacy Shield Principles**\" means the Privacy Shield
        Framework Principles (as supplemented by the Supplemental
        Principles) contained in Annex II to the European Commission
        Decision of 12 July 2016 pursuant to the Directive, details of
        which can be found at www.privacyshield.gov/eu-us-framework.
    24. \"**Security Breach**\" means a breach of security leading to
        any accidental, unauthorized or unlawful loss, disclosure,
        destruction, alteration, or access to Customer Personal Data.
    25. \"**Sensitive Data**\" means any unencrypted (i) bank, credit
        card or other financial account numbers or login
        credentials, (ii) social security, tax, driver\'s license or
        other government-issued identification numbers, (iii) health
        information identifiable to a particular individual; (iv)
        information that could reasonably be used to determine the
        physical location of a particular individual or (v) any
        \"**special**\" or \"**sensitive**\" categories of data as those
        terms are defined according to EU Data Protection Law or any
        similar category under other Applicable Data Protection Laws.
        For the purposes of the prior sentence, \"**unencrypted**\"
        means a failure to utilize industry standard encryption methods
        to prevent sāf.ai, the Platform Services and sāf.ai\'s
        personnel, including any subcontractors, from accessing the
        relevant data in unencrypted form.
    26. \"**Subprocessor**\" means any third party (including any sāf.ai
        Affiliate) engaged by sāf.ai to process any Customer Personal
        Data on behalf of Customer or who may receive Customer Personal
        Data provided by Customer through the Subscription Services
        pursuant to the terms of the Agreement.
    27. \"**Subscription Services**\" has the meaning given to it in the
        Agreement. Subscription Services includes the Platform Services
        and subscription support services set forth in an Order Form.
    28. \"**Usage Data**\" means usage data and telemetry collected by
        sāf.ai relating to the use of the Subscription Services by
        Customer. Usage Data may occasionally contain Customer
        Instructional Input (e.g., it may contain the queries entered by
        an Authorized User) but will not contain Customer Data or
        Customer Results.
    29. The terms \"**Controller**\", \"**Processor**,\"
        \"**process**,\" and \"**processing**,\" have the meanings given
        to them in Applicable Data Protection Laws. The term Controller
        also includes \'businesses\' (as defined in the CCPA) and the
        term Processor includes \'service providers\' (as defined in the
        CCPA) to the extent the rights and obligations described herein
        apply under the CCPA. If and to the extent that Applicable Data
        Protection Laws do not define such terms, then the definitions
        given in EU Data Protection Law will apply.

2. SHARED RESPONSIBILITY DEPLOYMENT

    1. Customer acknowledges that the Platform Services are implemented
        in a manner that divides the Platform Services between the
        Customer Cloud Environment and the sāf.ai Control Plane, and
        that accordingly each party must undertake certain technical and
        organizational measures in order to protect the Platform
        Services and the Customer Content.
    2. Without limiting the foregoing, and except to the extent
        otherwise set forth in the Agreement, Customer acknowledges and
        agrees that (1) in order to utilize the Platform Services,
        Customer must have an account with the Cloud Provider; (2)
        sāf.ai does not host the Customer Cloud Environment into which
        the Platform Services are deployed or the systems in which your
        Customer Data may be stored (e.g., an AWS S3 bucket); (3) while
        certain Customer Data may occasionally be present within the
        Platform Services (e.g., within the Customer Results), the
        Platform Services are not designed to archive or permanently
        retain Customer Data, but merely to provide an environment to
        facilitate Customer\'s processing of Customer Data within the
        Customer Cloud Environment by permitting Customer to generate
        and execute Customer Instructional Input and view Customer
        Results; (4) sāf.ai and the Platform Services do not provide
        backup services or disaster recovery to enable recovery of
        Customer Data; and (5) subject to any limitations under the DPA
        or the Agreement regarding what Customer Data may contain, the
        choice of which Customer Data you process within sāf.ai and
        manner in which you choose to process it are under the control
        of Customer and that accordingly sāf.ai will generally be
        unaware of the types of or details regarding the Customer
        Personal Data you may process within the Subscription Services.
    3. Customer acknowledges that the Subscription Services are
        data-type agnostic, and that sāf.ai does not have any knowledge
        of the actual data or types of data contained in the Customer
        Data. Accordingly, Customer shall notify sāf.ai prior to
        providing any Sensitive Data. Additionally, if reasonably
        required by Customer, sāf.ai shall enter into a Business
        Associate Agreement to enable Customer to comply with its
        obligations under HIPAA/HITECH ACT (\"BAA\"). sāf.ai may impose
        additional requirements on Customer prior to the use of the
        Subscription Services by Customer to process any Sensitive Data,
        which may include additional fees.

3. PURPOSE; SCOPE; OWNERSHIP OF DATA

    1. Customer and sāf.ai have entered into the Agreement pursuant to
        which Customer is being provided sāf.ai Services, including the
        Subscription Services. In using the Subscription Services,
        Customer may submit through the Subscription Services or
        otherwise provide access to sāf.ai certain Customer Data. This
        DPA applies where and only to the extent that sāf.ai processes
        Customer Personal Data on behalf of Customer as a Processor in
        the course of providing sāf.ai Services pursuant to the
        Agreement. Additionally, Sections 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 5.1,
        and 9 shall only apply to
        Customer Personal Data within the scope of the DPA to the extent
        such rights are set forth in or required by Applicable Data
        Protection Laws.
    2. As between the parties, Customer is either the Controller of
        Customer Personal Data or, if Customer is acting on behalf of a
        third-party Controller, then a Processor. All Customer Data
        (including all Customer Personal Data) processed under the terms
        of this DPA and the Agreement shall remain, as between the
        parties, the property of Customer.
    3. Accordingly, sāf.ai shall process Customer Personal Data (i)
        submitted to sāf.ai by Customer through the Subscription
        Services only as a Processor acting on behalf of Customer
        (whether as Controller or itself a Processor on behalf of third
        party Controllers); and (ii) in accordance with Customer\'s
        documented instructions as set forth in this DPA, the
        Agreement(s) or as otherwise necessary to provide the
        Subscription Services; provided that sāf.ai shall inform
        Customer if, in its opinion, Customer\'s processing instructions
        infringe any law or regulation; in such event, sāf.ai is
        entitled to refuse processing of Personal Data that it believes
        to be in violation of any law or regulation. Without limiting
        the foregoing, sāf.ai will not 'sell\' Customer Personal Data
        (as such term is defined in the CCPA).
    4. Additionally, when using the Subscription Services, sāf.ai will
        collect Usage Data. Where Usage Data contains Customer Personal
        Data (e.g., within Customer Instructional Input), sāf.ai shall
        act as Customer\'s Processor under Applicable Data Protection
        Laws and such Usage Data will be subject to the applicable terms
        and conditions of this DPA. Otherwise, to the extent any Usage
        Data is considered Personal Data under Applicable Data
        Protection Laws, sāf.ai is the Controller of such Usage Data and
        shall process such Usage Data in accordance with the Agreement
        and Applicable Data Protection Laws. sāf.ai will not share
        (other than with Subprocessors or third parties providing
        services to sāf.ai who agree to terms at least as restrictive
        regarding the processing of Usage Data as those set forth
        herein) or publicly make available any Usage Data that
        identifies Customer, or any of its Authorized Users, other data
        subjects, or customers, nor use any Usage Data in a manner that
        derives its value from the unique aspects of your Customer
        Instructional Input. Without limiting the foregoing, sāf.ai will
        not 'sell\' any Usage Data (as such term is defined in the CCPA)
        that contains any Personal Data subject to the CCPA.

4. SUBPROCESSING

    1. Customer agrees that sāf.ai may appoint Subprocessors to assist
        it in providing the sāf.ai Services by processing Customer
        Personal Data solely for the purpose of providing the sāf.ai
        Services, provided that such Subprocessors:

        (a) agree to act only on sāf.ai\'s instructions when processing
            the Customer Personal Data (which instructions shall be
            consistent with Customer\'s processing instructions to
            sāf.ai); and

        (b) agree to protect the Customer Personal Data to a standard
            consistent with the requirements of this DPA, including by
            implementing and maintaining appropriate technical and
            organizational measures to protect the Customer Personal
            Data they process consistent with the Security Standards
            described in Annex B.

    2. sāf.ai remains fully liable for any breach of this DPA or the
        Agreement that is caused by an act, error or omission of such
        Subprocessor to the extent sāf.ai would have been liable for
        such act, error or omission had it been caused by sāf.ai.

    3. sāf.ai shall maintain an up-to-date list at saf.ai/subprocessors
        (also available upon request to <privacy@saf.ai>) of all
        Subprocessors used in the provision of the sāf.ai Services who
        may have access to or process Customer Personal Data received by
        sāf.ai from Customer through the Subscription Services under the
        Agreement ("Subprocessor List").

    4. Prior to the addition or change of any Subprocessors, sāf.ai
        shall provide notice to Customer, which may include by updating
        the Subprocessor List on the website listed above, not less than
        30 days prior to the date on which the Subprocessor shall
        commence processing Customer Personal Data. sāf.ai will make
        available a means by which Customer may subscribe to receive
        notifications of changes to the Subprocessor List (which may
        include without limitation the provision of an RSS feed). It is
        Customer\'s responsibility to check this website for changes.

    5. In the event that Customer objects to the processing of Customer
        Personal Data by any newly appointed Subprocessor as described
        in Section 4.4, it
        shall inform sāf.ai in writing within 10 calendar days after
        notice has been provided by sāf.ai. In the event that Customer
        timely objects on reasonable grounds relating to the protection
        of Customer Personal Data sāf.ai will either, at sāf.ai
        option (a) work with Customer to address Customer\'s reasonable
        objections and thereafter proceed to use the Subprocessor to
        perform such processing; (b) instruct the Subprocessor to not
        process Customer Personal Data, which Customer acknowledges and
        agrees may result in new or improved Subscription Services
        features enabled by the Subprocessor not being available to
        Customer; or (c) allow Customer to terminate this DPA and the
        Agreement with sāf.ai immediately on notice and upon receipt of
        such notice provide Customer with a pro rata reimbursement of
        any sums Customer may have paid in advance for Subscription
        Services to be provided but not yet received by Customer.
        :::

    6. Customer acknowledges that any third party services that may be
        linked to or used within the sāf.ai Services (e.g., Customer may
        use GitHub to backup Customer\'s notebooks) ("**Non-sāf.ai
        Services**") are governed solely by the terms and conditions and
        privacy policies of such Non-sāf.ai Services, and sāf.ai does
        not endorse, is not responsible or liable for, and makes no
        representations as to any aspect of such Non-sāf.ai Services,
        including, without limitation, their content or the manner in
        which they handle your Customer Data (including Customer
        Personal Data) or any interaction between Customer and the
        provider of such Non-sāf.ai Services. sāf.ai is not liable for
        any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in
        connection with Customer\'s enablement, access or use of any
        such Non-sāf.ai Services, or Customer\'s reliance on the privacy
        practices, data security processes or other policies of such
        Non-sāf.ai Services. The providers of Non-sāf.ai Services shall
        not be deemed Subprocessors for any purpose under this DPA.

5. COOPERATION

    1. Customer acknowledges that the Subscription Services provide
        Customer with a number of controls that Customer may use to
        retrieve, correct, delete or restrict Customer Data, which
        Customer may use to assist it in connection with its obligations
        under Applicable Data Protection Laws, including its obligations
        relating to responding to requests from data subjects or
        applicable data protection authorities. To the extent that
        Customer is required to respond to a DSR (as defined below)
        under Applicable Data Protection Laws and is unable to access
        the relevant Customer Data within the Subscription Services
        using such controls or otherwise, sāf.ai shall reasonably
        cooperate with Customer (at Customer\'s request and expense) to
        enable Customer (or its third party Controller) to respond to
        any requests, complaints or other communications from Data
        Subjects and regulatory or judicial bodies relating to the
        processing of Customer Personal Data under the Agreement(s),
        including requests from Data Subjects seeking to exercise their
        rights under Applicable Data Protection Laws (a 'data subject
        request\' or "DSR") insofar as this is possible In the event
        that any such DSR, complaint or communication is made directly
        to sāf.ai, sāf.ai shall promptly pass such communication on to
        Customer and shall not respond to such communication without
        Customer\' express authorization. For the avoidance of doubt,
        the foregoing shall not prohibit sāf.ai from communicating with
        a Data Subject if it is not reasonably apparent on the face of
        the communication to which customer of sāf.ai the DSR relates.

    2. If sāf.ai receives a subpoena, court order, warrant or other
        legal demand from a third party (including law enforcement or
        other public or judicial authorities) seeking the disclosure of
        Customer Personal Data, sāf.ai shall not disclose any
        information but shall, to the extent permitted by applicable
        laws, promptly notify Customer in writing of such request and
        reasonably cooperate with Customer if it wishes to limit,
        challenge or protect against such disclosure.

    3. To the extent required under Applicable Data Protection Laws,
        sāf.ai will assist Customer (or its third party Controller), at
        Customer\'s request and expense, to conduct a data protection
        impact assessment and, where legally required, consult with
        applicable data protection authorities in respect of any
        proposed processing activity that presents a high risk to Data
        Subjects. Because the need for a data protection impact
        assessment, if any, will arise from the choices made by Customer
        regarding what Customer Data is to be processed and the
        processing activities performed, Customer shall be responsible
        for any costs arising from sāf.ai\'s provision of such
        assistance.

    4. At Customer\'s written request, sāf.ai will make reasonable
        efforts to provide Customer with all information necessary to
        demonstrate its compliance with Applicable Data Protection Laws.

    5. Customer acknowledges that sāf.ai may be required under
        Applicable Data Protection Laws to: (a) collect and maintain
        records of certain information, including the name and contact
        details of each Processor and/or Controller on behalf of which
        sāf.ai is acting and, where applicable, of such Processor\'s or
        Controller\'s local representative and data protection officer;
        and (b) make such information available to the applicable data
        protection authorities. Accordingly, Customer will, where
        requested, provide such information to sāf.ai via the Services
        or other means provided by sāf.ai, and will ensure that all
        information provided is kept accurate and up-to-date.

    6. If the Applicable Data Protection Laws and corresponding
        obligations related to the processing of Personal Data change,
        the parties shall discuss in good faith any necessary
        amendments.

6. DATA ACCESS & SECURITY MEASURES

    1. sāf.ai shall ensure that any Authorized Person is subject to a
        duty of confidentiality (whether a contractual or statutory
        duty) and that they process Customer Personal Data only for the
        purpose of delivering the sāf.ai Services under the Agreement(s)
        to Customer.
    2. sāf.ai will implement and maintain appropriate technical and
        organizational security measures to protect against Security
        Breaches and to preserve the security, availability, integrity
        and confidentiality of Customer Personal Data ("Security
        Measures") and will review such Security Measures on at least an
        annual basis. Such measures shall have regard to the state of
        the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope,
        context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of
        varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of
        natural persons.
    3. Because Customer rather than sāf.ai chooses what Customer
        Personal Data may be processed within the sāf.ai Services,
        Customer acknowledges its obligation to review the Security
        Measures prior to providing sāf.ai with access to such Customer
        Personal Data and represents, as of the date of this DPA, in
        light of the Customer Personal Data that Customer intends to
        process through the sāf.ai Services, that it has no reason to
        believe, provided the Security Measures identified at Annex B
        have been properly implemented by sāf.ai, that such Security
        Measures are insufficient to adequately protect the Customer
        Personal Data according to Applicable Data Protection Laws.

7. SECURITY INCIDENTS

    1. In the event of a Security Breach, sāf.ai shall inform Customer
        without undue delay and provide written details of the Security
        Breach, including the type of data affected and the identity of
        affected person(s) as soon as such information becomes known or
        available to sāf.ai.
    2. Furthermore, in the event of a Security Breach, sāf.ai shall:

        (a) provide timely information and cooperation as Customer may
            reasonably require to fulfill Customer\'s data breach
            reporting obligations under Applicable Data Protection Laws;
            *and*

        (b) take such measures and actions as are appropriate to remedy
            or mitigate the effects of the Security Breach and shall
            keep Customer up-to-date about all developments in
            connection with the Security Breach.
    3. The decision whether to provide notification, public/regulatory
        communication or a press release (each, a "Notification")
        concerning the Security Breach shall be solely at Customer\'s
        discretion, but the content of any Notification that names
        sāf.ai or from which sāf.ai\'s identity could reasonably be
        determined shall be subject to the prior approval of sāf.ai,
        which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
        or delayed, except as otherwise required by applicable laws and
        provided that conditioning of the Notification on sāf.ai\'s
        approval shall not prevent Customer from complying with
        Applicable Data Protection Laws.

8. SECURITY REPORTS & INSPECTIONS; AUDITS

    1. The parties acknowledge that sāf.ai uses internal auditors to
        verify the adequacy of its Security Measures. This audit:

        (a) will be performed at least annually;

        (b) will be performed according to ISO 27001 standards or such
            other alternative standards that are substantially
            equivalent to ISO 27001;
    2. At Customer\'s written request, sāf.ai will provide Customer
        with copies of its Report so that Customer can reasonably verify
        sāf.ai\'s compliance with the security and audit obligations
        under this Agreement. The Report and any summaries thereof will
        constitute sāf.ai\'s Confidential Information under the
        confidentiality provisions of the Agreement.
    3. sāf.ai will respond in a commercially reasonable time-frame to
        any requests for additional information or clarification from
        Customer related to such Report.

9. DATA TRANSPORT

    1. Customer acknowledges that sāf.ai and its Subprocessors may
        maintain data processing operations in countries that are
        outside of the country in which the Platform Services are
        deployed. As such, both sāf.ai and its Subprocessors may process
        Customer Personal Data in non-EEA and non-Swiss countries. This
        will apply even where Customer has agreed with sāf.ai to use
        cloud instances of the Subscription Services located in the EEA
        if such non-EEA processing is necessary to provide
        support-related or other services requested by Customer.
    2. To the extent that sāf.ai processes any Customer Personal Data
        subject to EU Data Protection Law ("EEA Data") on behalf of
        Customer, the parties agree that sāf.ai makes available the
        transfer mechanisms listed below for any transfers of EEA Data
        from the EEA to sāf.ai located in a country which does not
        ensure an adequate level of protection (within the meaning of
        Applicable Data Protection Laws) and to the extent such
        transfers are subject to such EU Data Protection Law:

        (a) \(i\) sāf.ai will be deemed to provide adequate protection
            (within the meaning of EU Data Protection Law) for EEA Data
            by virtue of having self-certified its compliance with the
            Privacy Shield; (ii) sāf.ai agrees to process EEA Data in
            compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles; (iii) if
            sāf.ai is unable to comply with its obligations under this
            sub-Section, sāf.ai will inform the Customer; and (iv)
            sāf.ai will promptly cease (and cause its Subprocessors to
            promptly cease) processing such EEA Data if in Customer\'s
            sole discretion, Customer determines that sāf.ai has not or
            cannot correct any non-compliance with this sub-Section in
            accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles within a
            reasonable time frame.

        (b) To the extent the transfer mechanism identified in
            Section 9.2(a)
            does not apply to the transfer, is invalidated and/or sāf.ai
            is no longer self-certified to the Privacy Shield, sāf.ai
            agrees to abide by and process EEA Data in compliance with
            the Model Clauses attached as Annex C, including the
            appendices attached thereto, and subject to the
            interpretations set forth in Appendix 3, and for these
            purposes sāf.ai agrees that it is a \"data importer\" and
            Customer and/or its Affiliates, as applicable is/are the
            \"data exporter\" under the Model Clauses (notwithstanding
            that Customer and/or its Affiliates may be an entity or
            entities located outside of the EEA).

10. OBLIGATIONS OF CUSTOMER

    Customer acknowledges that sāf.ai does not provide data backup
    services, and that it is Customer\'s obligation to backup any
    Customer Data that Customer may process through the Subscription
    Services. As part of Customer receiving the sāf.ai Services under
    the Agreement, Customer agrees and declares as follows:

    (i) that the processing of Personal Data by Customer, including
        instructing processing by sāf.ai in accordance with this
        Agreement, is and shall continue to be in accordance with all
        the relevant provisions of the Applicable Data Protection Laws,
        particularly with respect to the security, protection and
        disclosure of Personal Data;

    (ii) if Customer is itself a Processor acting on behalf of a
        third-party Controller, Customer warrants to sāf.ai that
        Customer\'s instructions and actions with respect to that
        Personal Data, including its appointment of sāf.ai as another
        Processor, have been authorized by the relevant Controller;

    (iii) that if processing by Customer involves any Sensitive Data,
        Customer has collected such Sensitive Data in accordance with
        Applicable Data Protection Laws;

    (iv) that Customer will inform its Data Subjects as legally
         required:

    (a) about its use of Processors to process their Personal Data,
        including sāf.ai; *and*

    (b) that their Personal Data may be processed outside of the
        European Economic Area;

    (v) that it shall respond in reasonable time and to the extent
        reasonably practicable to enquiries by Data Subjects regarding
        the processing of their Personal Data by Customer, and to give
        appropriate instructions to sāf.ai in a timely manner; and

    (vi) that it shall respond in a reasonable time to enquiries from an
         applicable data protection authority regarding the processing
         of relevant Personal Data by Customer.

11. DELETION & RETURN.

    Upon Customer\'s request upon termination or expiry of the
    Agreement, sāf.ai shall destroy all Customer Data (including
    Customer Personal Data) in its possession or control. This
    requirement shall not apply to the extent that sāf.ai is required by
    any applicable law to retain some or all of the Customer Data
    (including Customer Personal Data), in which event sāf.ai shall
    isolate and protect such data from any further processing except to
    the extent required by such law.

12. GENERAL.

    1. The parties agree that this DPA shall replace any existing DPA
        (including the Model Clauses (as applicable)) the parties may
        have previously entered into in connection with the sāf.ai
        Services.
    2. This DPA shall be effective on the date of the last signature
        set forth below. The obligations placed upon sāf.ai under this
        DPA shall survive so long as sāf.ai and/or its Subprocessors
        processes Customer Personal Data on behalf of Customer.
    3. This DPA may not be modified except by a subsequent written
        instrument signed by both parties.
    4. If any part of this DPA is held unenforceable, the validity of
        all remaining parts will not be affected.
    5. In the event of any conflict between this DPA and any data
        privacy provisions set out in any Agreements the parties agree
        that the terms of this DPA shall prevail. Notwithstanding the
        foregoing, if there is any conflict between this DPA and a BAA
        applicable to any patient, medical or other protected health
        information regulated by HIPAA or any similar U.S. federal or
        state laws, rules or regulations applicable to health
        information, then the BAA shall prevail to the extent the
        conflict relates to such data.
    6. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or
        this DPA, each party\'s and all of its affiliates\' liability,
        taken together in the aggregate, arising out of or related to
        this DPA, any Order or the Agreement, whether in contract, tort
        or under any other theory of liability, shall remain subject to
        the 'Limitation of Liability\' section of the Agreement, and any
        reference in such section to the liability of a party means the
        aggregate liability of that party and all of its affiliates
        under the Agreement and this DPA, including all Annexes hereto.
        Without limiting either of the parties\' obligations under the
        Agreement, Customer agrees that any regulatory penalties
        incurred by sāf.ai in relation to the Customer Personal Data
        that arise as a result of, or in connection with, Customer\'s
        failure to comply with its obligations under this DPA or any
        Applicable Data Protection Laws shall count toward and reduce
        sāf.ai\'s liability under the Agreement as if such penalties
        were liabilities to the Customer under the Agreement.
    7. This DPA will be governed by and construed in accordance with
        the governing law and jurisdiction provisions in the Agreement,
        unless required otherwise by Applicable Data Protection Laws.
    8. This DPA and the Model Clauses will terminate simultaneously and
        automatically with the termination or expiry of the Agreement.

\[signature page follows\]

By signing below, each party acknowledges that it has read and
understood the terms of this DPA and agrees to be bound by them.

### ANNEXES and APPENDICES

- [DPA Annex A](/policies/dpa-annex-a.html)
