# sāf.ai Terms of Service

## Terms of Service

These Terms of Service (the \"Terms\") and any accompanying or future
Order Form you enter into with sāf.ai, Inc. (\"sāf.ai\" or \"we\")
issued under these Terms (together with these Terms, the \"Agreement\")
govern your access to and use of the services provided to you by sāf.ai
(the \"sāf.ai Services\"). As set forth in an Order Form or as otherwise
agreed to by sāf.ai, the sāf.ai Services may include one or more of the
following: (a) subscription software data processing services (the
\"Platform Services\"), (b) subscription support services (\"Support
Services\"), (c) training services (the \"Training Services\"), (d)
professional services (the \"Professional Services\"), or (e) any other
services the parties agree in an Order Form that sāf.ai will provide. If
you are acting on behalf of an entity, you represent and warrant that
you are authorized to bind that entity to these Terms, in which case
\"Customer,\" \"you,\" or \"your\" shall refer to that entity
(otherwise, such terms refer to you as an individual). By accepting
these Terms, either by executing these Terms separately or by executing
an initial Order Form that indicates your acceptance of these Terms (an
\"Initial Order Form\"), whether by signature or by clicking an \"I
Accept\" button or checkbox, you agree in full to these Terms. If you do
not have authority to bind your entity or do not agree with these Terms,
you must not accept these Terms and may not use the sāf.ai Services. The
\"Effective Date\" of these Terms is the earliest to occur of the
effective date of the Initial Order Form, the date you execute these
Terms, or the date you first access or use the sāf.ai Services.

In the event of conflict or inconsistency among the following documents,
the order of precedence is as follows: (1) the Order Form; (2) a
statement of work mutually agreed by by both parties, as applicable
(\"**SOW**\"); (3) this Terms of Services agreement.

1. Certain Definitions. Certain terms not defined elsewhere in the
    Agreement are defined below in this Section. Capitalized terms used
    but not defined in an Order Form shall have the meaning assigned to
    them, if any, within these Terms.
    1. \"**Acceptable Use Policy**\" means the acceptable use policy
        governing the Platform Services, made available at
        <https://docs.saf.ai/policies/aup> (or such other location as
        sāf.ai may provide, and as may be updated from time to time).
    2. \"**Affiliate**\" of a party means an entity that Controls, is
        Controlled by, or is under common Control with such party.
    3. \"**Applicable Data Protection Laws**\" means all world-wide
        data protection and privacy Laws applicable to the processing of
        the Personal Data in question, including without limitation to
        the extent applicable, those of the United States, the European
        Economic Area (including the European Union and their member
        states, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom) (\"EEA\"), Canada,
        Australia, Japan, and Singapore.
    4. \"**Authorized User**\" means employees or agents of Customer
        (or other individuals solely to the extent explicitly permitted
        in an Order Form) selected by Customer to access and use the
        Subscription Services. \"BAA\" means a *business associate
        agreement* as defined by HIPAA (or substantively similar
        agreement if you are not in the United States and/or are not
        regulated by HIPAA), governing the parties\' respective
        obligations with respect to any PHI that may be contained within
        Customer Content.
    5. \"**Beta Service**\" means any sāf.ai Service (or feature of a
        sāf.ai Service) that is clearly designated as \"beta\",
        \"experimental\", \"preview\" or similar, that is provided prior
        to general commercial release, and that sāf.ai at its sole
        discretion offers to Customer, and Customer at its sole
        discretion elects to use.
    6. \"**Cloud Provider**\" means, unless specified otherwise in an
        Order Form, Google Cloud Platform (\"GCP\").
    7. \"**Confidential Information**\" means any business or technical
        information disclosed by either party to the other that is
        designated as confidential at the time of disclosure or that,
        under the circumstances, a person exercising reasonable business
        judgment would understand to be confidential or proprietary.
        Without limiting the foregoing, all Customer Content is
        considered to be Customer\'s Confidential Information, all
        non-public elements of the sāf.ai Services and any Beta Services
        are considered to be sāf.ai\'s Confidential Information, and the
        terms of this Agreement, any information that either party
        derives relating to the conduct or performance of the other
        party\'s personnel, services or Systems, and any information
        that either party conveys to the other party concerning data
        security measures, incidents, or findings constitute
        Confidential Information of both parties. Confidential
        Information shall not include information that the receiving
        party can demonstrate (a) is or becomes publicly known through
        no fault of the receiving party; (b) is, when it is supplied,
        already known to whoever it is disclosed to in circumstances in
        which they are not prevented from disclosing it to others; (c)
        is independently obtained by whoever it is disclosed to in
        circumstances in which they are not prevented from disclosing it
        to others; or (d) was independently developed by the receiving
        party without use of or reference to the Confidential
        Information.
    8. \"**Control**,\" \"**Controlled**\" or \"**Controlling**\"
        means, whether direct or indirect: (a) the beneficial ownership
        of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting equity
        securities, or the substantively equivalent voting interests, of
        an entity; or (b) the ability to determine the strategic
        direction or operating decisions of an entity.
    9. \"**Customer Cloud Environment**\" means the cloud environment
        provided by the Cloud Provider into which sāf.ai deploys the
        Customer Data Plane.
    10. \"**Customer Content**\" means all Customer Data, Customer
        Instructional Input, and Customer Results.
    11. \"Customer Data\" means the data, other than Customer
        Instructional Input, made available by Customer and its
        Authorized Users for processing by, or use within, the
        Subscription Services.
    12. \"**Customer Data Plane**\" means the elements of the Platform
        Services deployed into the Customer Cloud Environment; the
        primary processing of Customer Data by the Platform Services
        occurs within the Customer Data Plane and this activity results
        in fees being charged to Customer by Cloud Provider (e.g., for
        EC2 compute resources in the Customer Cloud Environment). For
        the avoidance of doubt, the term Customer Data Plane does not
        include Customer-controlled storage, including but not limited
        to Customer\'s AWS S3 bucket (and for which Customer may incur
        separate charges).
    13. \"**Customer Instructional Input**\" means information other
        than Customer Data that Customer inputs into the Platform
        Services to direct how the Platform Services process Customer
        Data, including without limitation the code and any libraries
        (including third party libraries) Customer utilizes within the
        Platform Services.
    14. \"**Customer Results**\" means any output Customer or its
        Authorized Users generate from their use of the Platform
        Services.
    15. \"**sāf.ai Control Plane**\" means the elements of the Platform
        Services residing within sāf.ai\'s Cloud Provider account,
        including without limitation the user interface of the Platform
        Services.
    16. \"**Documentation**\" means the documentation related to the
        Platform Services located at <https://docs.saf.ai/> (or such
        other location as sāf.ai may provide, and as may be updated from
        time to time).
    17. \"**DPA**\" means the sāf.ai Data Processing Addendum applicable
        to sāf.ai Customers, available on the Effective date at
        <https://docs.saf.ai/dpa>.
    18. \"**Excluded Claims**\" means claims arising from (a) personal
        injury or death caused by the negligence of a party, its
        employees or agents; (b) fraud or fraudulent
        misrepresentation; (c) sāf.ai\'s indemnification obligations for
        an IP Claim; or (d) Customer\'s indemnification obligations.
    19. \"**Fees**\" means all amounts payable for sāf.ai Services under
        an applicable Order Form.
    20. \"**HIPAA**\" means the Health Insurance Portability and
        Accountability Act of 1996, as amended and supplemented from
        time-to-time.
    21. \"**Intellectual Property Rights**\" means all worldwide
        intellectual property rights available under applicable law
        including without limitation rights with respect to patents,
        copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how,
        and databases.
    22. \"**IP Claim**\" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
        Section 8.1.
    23. \"**Laws**\"means any international, federal, state, provincial
        or other local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances or judicial
        decisions enacted or issued by a court or other governmental
        authority of any country, state, province, county, city or other
        municipality, and any self-regulatory regimes applicable to
        Customer\'s use of the sāf.ai Services.
    24. \"**Monthly PAYG Service**\" means the Platform Services
        provided on a month-to-month basis with payment based only on
        Customer\'s usage of the Platform Services during the billing
        month.
    25. \"**Order Form**\" means an order form, online order (including
        click-thru setup of the Platform Services) or similar agreement,
        including any exhibits or attachments thereto, for the provision
        of sāf.ai Services, entered into by the parties, incorporated by
        reference into, and governed by, the Agreement.
    26. \"**PCI-DSS**\" means the Payment Card Industry Data Security
        Standard.
    27. \"**Personal Data**\" shall have the meaning given to such term
        (or substantively equivalent term) under the Applicable Data
        Protection Laws.
    28. \"**PHI**\" means health information regulated by HIPAA or by
        any similar privacy Law governing the use of or access to health
        information.
    29. \"**Subscription Services**\" means the Platform Services and
        Support Services.
    30. \"**System**\" means any application, computing or storage
        device, or network.

2. **sāf.ai Services**.
    1. **Order Forms**.

        a) **Minimum Terms**. Order Forms for sāf.ai Services shall
            identify: (i) specific sāf.ai Services to be provided, (ii)
            any limitations on permitted use that may differ from those
            set forth in these Terms, (iii) the service term or other
            timing considerations, (iv) Fees, (v) any applicable
            limitations on number or type of Authorized Users, and (vi)
            any other applicable terms and conditions (\"Minimum Order
            Terms\").

        b) **Direct Orders**; Reseller Orders. Customer may submit
            Order Forms directly through sāf.ai (each, a \"Direct
            Order\") or through a sāf.ai-authorized reseller
            (\"Authorized Reseller\", and such Order Form, a \"Reseller
            Order\"). Reseller Orders shall be agreed upon between the
            Authorized Reseller and Customer, and shall, unless
            otherwise agreed in writing by sāf.ai, include at least the
            Minimum Order Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer
            acknowledges that any Reseller Order is subject to sāf.ai\'s
            prior approval and agrees that no term in any Reseller Order
            will be deemed to modify the Agreement unless pre-authorized
            in writing by sāf.ai.
    2. **Subscription Services**.

        a) **Authorized Users**.

        i) **Selecting Authorized Users**. If we have agreed to
            provide you with Subscription Services, you may select
            Authorized Users to access and use the Subscription
            Services, subject to the restrictions set forth below
            and to any numeric or other limits established in an
            Order Form or as otherwise agreed to by the parties. You
            must obtain separate credentials (user IDs and
            passwords) via the Subscription Services for each
            Authorized User.

        ii) **Your Responsibilities Regarding Authorized Users**.
            You shall at all times be responsible for and expressly
            assume the risks associated with all use of the
            Subscription Services under an Authorized User\'s
            account (including for the payment of Fees related to
            such use), whether such action was taken by an
            Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not
            such action was authorized by an Authorized User,
            provided that such action was not (1) taken by sāf.ai or
            by a party acting under the direction of sāf.ai or (2)
            an action by a third party that sāf.ai should reasonably
            have prevented. This responsibility includes the
            security of each Authorized User\'s credentials, and you
            shall not share (and shall instruct each Authorized User
            not to share) such credentials with any other person or
            entity, or otherwise permit any other person or entity
            to access or use the Subscription Services, except to
            the extent permitted in an Order Form.

        b) **Provision of the Subscription Services**. Subject to your,
            and your Authorized Users\', compliance with the terms and
            conditions of this Agreement (including payment of any Fees
            as due under Section 5 (Payment)), sāf.ai will provide you
            with the Subscription Services, and you and your Authorized
            Users may access and use the Subscription Services solely
            for your internal business purposes, unless any other
            permitted use is set forth in an applicable Order Form.
            sāf.ai reserves the right to improve or otherwise modify its
            internal System architecture at any time subject to
            maintaining appropriate industry standards of practice
            relating to the provision and security of the Subscription
            Services, and provided that any such modification does not
            materially diminish the core functionality of the
            Subscription Services. As between the parties, you retain
            all ownership rights in Customer Data, Customer Results and,
            subject to sāf.ai rights in Usage Data (as defined in
            Section 3.3(a)), Customer Instructional Input, and any other
            information or materials you provide to sāf.ai to enable
            sāf.ai to perform any of the sāf.ai Services. Additionally,
            to the extent Customer utilizes third party open source
            libraries within the Customer Instructional Input, the
            foregoing shall not be read to imply ownership by Customer
            in such libraries.

        c) **Shared Responsibility Deployment**.

        i) **Generally**. You acknowledge that the Platform
            Services are implemented in a manner that divides the
            Platform Services between the Customer Cloud Environment
            and the sāf.ai Control Plane, and that accordingly each
            party must undertake certain technical and
            organizational measures in order to protect the Platform
            Services and the Customer Content. Without limiting the
            foregoing, Customer acknowledges and agrees that (1) in
            order to utilize the Platform Services, Customer must
            have an account with the Cloud Provider; (2) sāf.ai does
            not host the Customer Cloud Environment into which the
            Platform Services are deployed or the Systems in which
            your Customer Data may be stored (e.g., an AWS S3
            bucket); (3) while certain Customer Data may
            occasionally be present within the Platform Services
            (e.g., within the Customer Results), the Platform
            Services are not designed to archive or permanently
            retain Customer Data, but merely to provide an
            environment to facilitate Customer\'s processing of
            Customer Data within the Customer Cloud Environment by
            permitting Customer to generate and execute Customer
            Instructional Input and view Customer Results; and (4)
            sāf.ai and the Platform Services do not provide backup
            services or disaster recovery to enable recovery of
            Customer Data. Accordingly, and without limiting the
            foregoing, but subject to Section 9.1, sāf.ai is not
            responsible for any loss, destruction, alteration, or
            corruption of Customer Content, except to the extent
            caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
            sāf.ai or to the extent caused by any third party that
            sāf.ai should reasonably have prevented from having
            access.

        ii) **Customer Responsibilities**. Customer acknowledges and
            agrees that Customer is responsible for (1) protecting
            the security of all Customer credentials used to access
            the Subscription Services (with sāf.ai also responsible
            for taking adequate steps to protect Customer
            credentials to the extent such credentials are within
            the control of sāf.ai); (2) securing the Customer Cloud
            Environment and any Customer System (with such steps to
            include without limitation the regular rotation of
            access keys and other industry standard steps to
            preclude unauthorized access); (3) backing up Customer
            Instructional Input (e.g., via Github or other third
            party system); (4) backing up and securing Customer Data
            under Customer\'s control within the Customer Cloud
            Environment or other Customer controlled System (e.g.,
            by turning on versioning and encryption within AWS S3);
            and (5) any security or other issues resulting from any
            Customer Instructional Input, and Customer expressly
            assumes the risks associated with the foregoing
            responsibilities.

        iii) **sāf.ai Responsibilities**. sāf.ai acknowledges and
            agrees that, as between the parties and except to the
            extent caused by the action or intentional or negligent
            inaction of Customer or Customer\'s Authorized Users,
            including without limitation any customizations or
            configurations of the Platform Services by Customer or
            anything specified to be Customer\'s responsibility in
            (ii), above, sāf.ai is primarily responsible for (1) the
            operation (excluding to the extent such operation is
            directed by the Customer Instructional Content) of the
            sāf.ai Control Plane (including the user interface of
            the Platform Services and the portion of the Platform
            Services within the sāf.ai Control Plane in which the
            Customer Instructional Input and Customer Results are
            held until deleted by Customer) and the sāf.ai software
            that operates the computing resources in the Customer
            Data Plane; and (2) implementing reasonable technical
            and organizational measures designed in accordance with
            the ISMS Standard (defined below) to protect the
            security of the foregoing. Additionally, while it is
            Customer\'s responsibility to back up Customer
            Instructional Input, sāf.ai will, at Customer\'s
            reasonable request, provide commercially reasonable
            assistance with recovery efforts where reasonably
            possible.
    3. **Training Services**.

        a. **Generally**. sāf.ai may provide, as set forth in an Order
            Form, certain Training Services, delivered (i) by
            instructors (\"Instructor-led Training Services\"), either
            in person or online-only; or (ii) as a self-paced online
            training course (\"Self-Paced Training Services\"). If we
            have agreed to provide you with Training Services, we will
            provide qualified training personnel and/or suitable
            training materials. You shall make available to sāf.ai any
            materials sāf.ai reasonably requires to perform the Training
            Services, but unless agreed between the parties in writing,
            shall not provide sāf.ai any Customer Data for use with the
            Training Services.

        b. **Instructor-led Training Services**. If we have agreed to
            provide you with Instructor-led Training Services, except as
            otherwise mutually agreed upon by the parties, you shall, as
            reasonably applicable: (i) provide qualified personnel to
            assist in coordinating and implementing the Instructor-led
            Training Services; (ii) provide sāf.ai with access to your
            sites and facilities (or temporary off-site facilities)
            during normal business hours and as otherwise reasonably
            required by sāf.ai to perform the Instructor-led Training
            Services; (iii) provide sāf.ai with such working space and
            office support (including access to telephones, photocopying
            equipment, and the like) as sāf.ai may reasonably request;
            and (iv) perform your duties and tasks as may be reasonably
            required to permit sāf.ai to perform the Instructor-led
            Training Services, including any such duties and tasks that
            may be set forth in an Order Form.

        c. **Self-Paced Training Services**. sāf.ai may make available
            certain Self-Paced Training Services. Unless otherwise set
            forth in an Order Form or when signing up for a Self-Paced
            Training Service, the Self-Paced Training Services shall
            expire 12 months from the earlier of purchase or activation
            and are licensed on a per-user basis.
    4. **Professional Services**. Terms regarding the delivery of
        Professional Services, if applicable, shall be set forth in an
        Order Form.

        a. **Generally**. Subject to the Order Form, sāf.ai will
            provide Professional Services designed to initiate and/or
            facilitate your ability to effectively utilize saf.ai
            platform. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties,
            Professional Services will expire 1 year after the Start
            Date indicated on the Order Form and will be booked on the
            basis of 7.5-hour service days.

        b. **Expenses**. You agree to reimburse sāf.ai for reasonable
            travel and lodging expenses actually incurred by sāf.ai

        c. **Intellectual Property**.

        i. sāf.ai, upon your payment of all fees and charges
            accruing under the Order Form, grants you a
            non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free
            license to use, copy, modify, or create derivative works
            based on any Professional Services work product
            delivered hereunder by sāf.ai to you, as may be further
            described in an SOW (the "**Deliverables**"). If and to
            the extent sāf.ai incorporates any **sāf.ai Materials**
            (as defined below) into the Deliverables, sāf.ai grants
            to you a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid-up,
            royalty-free license to use, copy, modify or create
            derivative works based on such sāf.ai Materials, solely
            as incorporated into the Deliverables and solely for
            your internal or external business use as reasonably
            necessary to use the Deliverables for their intended
            purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, no part of the
            Platform Services shall be deemed to be incorporated
            into the Deliverables.

        ii. Subject to your rights in your Confidential Information,
            sāf.ai will exclusively own all rights, title and
            interest in and to: (i) the Deliverables; and (ii) any
            software programs, tools, utilities, processes,
            inventions, devices, methodologies, specifications,
            documentation, techniques, training materials, and other
            materials of any kind used or developed by sāf.ai or its
            personnel in connection with performing the Professional
            Services, or any other sāf.ai Services (collectively
            \"**sāf.ai Materials**\"), including all Intellectual
            Property Rights in any of the foregoing.

        iii. Unless otherwise set forth in the Order Form or an SOW,
             the Deliverables are not subject to any maintenance,
             support or updates after the termination of the Order
             Form.

        d. **Change Order**. From time to time, you and sāf.ai may be
            required to adjust the Professional Services based on
            technical developments, schedules, fees, or other
            requirements. Any material changes to an SOW or the Order
            Form will require a change order executed by both parties
            prior to the implementation of such changes (\"Change
            Order\"). Each Change Order must include the change(s) to
            the Professional Services and the impact on the time of
            performance and Fees. Once executed, a Change Order will
            become part of the SOW and/or Order Form, as applicable.

        e. **Customer Obligations**. You acknowledge that successful
            delivery of the Professional Services depends on your full
            and timely cooperation. You agree to make available any
            reasonably requested personnel and/or information in a
            timely manner to allow sāf.ai to perform such services.

        f. **Additional Warranty**. sāf.ai warrants that it will
            perform the Professional Services in a professional and
            workmanlike manner by qualified personnel and in accordance
            with generally accepted industry standards. sāf.ai makes no
            guarantee as to whether the Professional Services will be
            completed within any specific time frame.

        g. **Requirements; Limitations**. sāf.ai will provide the
            Professional Services at a mutually agreed location and
            substantially on a mutually agreed time schedule. sāf.ai
            will adhere while on Customer\'s premises with reasonable
            policies provided by Customer to sāf.ai in writing in
            advance.

        h. **Business Relationship**. saf.ai\'s relationship with
            Customer is that of an independent contractor, and nothing
            in this Agreement will be construed to create a partnership,
            agency, joint venture, employment or similar relationship.
            Neither saf.ai nor any of saf.ai\'s personnel will be
            considered Customer\'s employee or agent under this
            Agreement or otherwise. Neither Party will have any right to
            act for, represent or otherwise bind the other Party in any
            manner, except as expressly authorized by such other Party.
    5. **Downloadable Services**. sāf.ai may make available to you
        certain sāf.ai Services as software from time to time in a
        downloadable manner (\"Downloadable Services\"). Unless
        expressly stated otherwise at the time of download or as
        otherwise agreed by sāf.ai, Downloadable Services may only be
        used as a part of the sāf.ai Services. You are granted a
        non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use and copy
        during the term of this Agreement the Downloadable Services
        solely as necessary to enable your use of the sāf.ai Services.
    6. **Beta Services**. If you elect to receive any Beta Services
        offered by sāf.ai, you agree that, in addition to adhering to
        all other restrictions generally applicable to your use of the
        Subscription Services under this Agreement and any requirements
        set forth by sāf.ai in writing regarding the particular Beta
        Services, you shall not use such Beta Services for production
        workloads or for any mission critical work, and that you shall
        not use sensitive data (e.g., PHI or Cardholder Data) in
        conjunction with such Beta Services unless explicitly permitted
        in an Order Form.
    7. **Feedback**. You are under no duty to provide any suggestions,
        enhancement requests, or other feedback regarding the sāf.ai
        Services (\"Feedback\"). If you choose to offer Feedback to
        sāf.ai, you hereby grant sāf.ai a perpetual, irrevocable,
        non-exclusive, worldwide, fully-paid, sub-licensable, assignable
        license to incorporate into the sāf.ai Services or otherwise use
        any Feedback sāf.ai receives from you. You also irrevocably
        waive in favor of sāf.ai any moral rights which you may have in
        such Feedback pursuant to applicable copyright law.
    8. **Ownership of the sāf.ai Services**. Except as expressly set
        forth in this Agreement, sāf.ai retains all Intellectual
        Property Rights and all other proprietary rights related to the
        sāf.ai Services. You shall not delete or alter the copyright,
        trademark, or other proprietary rights notices or markings
        appearing within the sāf.ai Services as delivered to you. You
        agree that the sāf.ai Services are provided on a non-exclusive
        basis and that no transfer of ownership of Intellectual Property
        Rights shall occur. You further acknowledge and agree that
        portions of the sāf.ai Services, including but not limited to
        the source code and the specific design and structure of
        individual modules or programs, constitute or contain trade
        secrets and other Intellectual Property Rights of sāf.ai and its
        licensors.
    9. **Compliance with Customer Onsite Access Policies**. If in the
        course of providing Training Services or any other sāf.ai
        Services, sāf.ai personnel go onsite at Customer\'s premises,
        sāf.ai shall require such personnel to comply with Customer\'s
        commercially reasonable onsite access policies that have been
        provided by Customer to such personnel reasonably in advance.
3. **Customer Obligations; Customer Data**.
    1. **Customer Responsibilities**. In addition to the
        responsibilities set forth in Section 2.2(c), Customer is
        responsible for ensuring that sāf.ai at all times has updated
        and accurate contact information for the appropriate person for
        sāf.ai to notify regarding data security issues relating to the
        sāf.ai Services, with such contact information to be updated in
        each Order Form and any subsequent changes to be provided by
        email to <customercontact@saf.ai> (with \"Contact Detail
        Change\" in the subject).
    2. **Restrictions on Use**. You shall not (and shall not permit
        your Authorized Users to):

        a. violate the Acceptable Use Policy;

        b. copy, modify, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, or
            attempt to view or discover the source code of the sāf.ai
            Services, in whole or in part, or permit or authorize a
            third party to do so, except to the extent such activities
            are expressly permitted by this Agreement or by law
            notwithstanding this prohibition;

        c. sell, resell, license, sublicense, distribute, rent, lease,
            or otherwise provide access to the sāf.ai Services to any
            third party except to the extent explicitly authorized in
            writing by sāf.ai;

        d. use the sāf.ai Services to develop or offer a service made
            available to any third party that could reasonably be seen
            to serve as a substitute for such third party\'s possible
            subscription to any sāf.ai product or service;

        e. transfer or assign any of your rights hereunder except as
            permitted under Section 12.5; or

        f. during any free trial period granted by sāf.ai, including
            during the use of any Beta Service, use the sāf.ai Services
            for any purpose other than to evaluate the desirability of
            entering into a paid subscription to the sāf.ai Services (in
            which case sāf.ai reserves the right to charge you for such
            use at sāf.ai\'s standard rates without foregoing any other
            available remedies).
    3. **Customer Data and Customer Instructional Input**.

        a. **Ownership; Usage Data**. As between you and sāf.ai, you
            retain all ownership rights in Customer Content.
            Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree
            that sāf.ai may collect usage data and telemetry regarding
            your Authorized Users\' use of the Subscription Services and
            that such usage data may occasionally contain Customer
            Instructional Input (e.g., it may contain the queries
            entered by an Authorized User) but will not contain Customer
            Data or Customer Results (\"Usage Data\"). sāf.ai will not
            share or publicly make available any Usage Data that
            identifies Customer, or any of its Authorized Users, other
            data subjects, or customers, nor use any Usage Data in a
            manner that derives its value from the unique aspects of
            your Customer Instructional Input.

        b. **PHI Data under HIPAA**. You agree that you may not include
            in Customer Data or Customer Instructional Input, or
            generate any Customer Results that include, any PHI unless
            you have entered into (i) an Order Form that explicitly
            permits you to process PHI within the Platform Services, and
            then only with respect to the workspace(s) identified in
            such Order Form (the \"PHI Permitted Workspaces\"); and (ii)
            a BAA with sāf.ai which, upon mutual execution, shall be
            incorporated by reference into and subject to this
            Agreement. If you have not entered into a BAA with sāf.ai or
            if you provide PHI to sāf.ai other than through the PHI
            Permitted Workspaces, sāf.ai will have no liability under
            this Agreement relating to PHI, notwithstanding anything in
            this Agreement or in HIPAA or any similar Laws to the
            contrary.

        c. **Cardholder Data Under PCI-DSS**. You agree that you may
            not include in Customer Data or Customer Instructional
            Input, or generate any Customer Results that include, any
            cardholder data as defined under PCI-DSS (\"Cardholder
            Data\") unless you have entered into an Order Form that (i)
            specifies sāf.ai then-current certification status under
            PCI-DSS; and (ii) explicitly permits you to process
            Cardholder Data within the Platform Services (including
            specifying the types and quantities of such data) and, and
            then only with respect to the workspace(s) identified in
            such Order Form (the \"PCI Permitted Workspaces\"). If you
            have not entered into such mutually executed Order Form with
            sāf.ai, or if you provide Cardholder Data to sāf.ai other
            than through the PCI Permitted Workspaces, sāf.ai will have
            no liability under this Agreement relating to Cardholder
            Data, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or in
            PCI-DSS or any similar regulations to the contrary.

        d. **Additional Limitations**. You represent and warrant to
            sāf.ai that your use of sāf.ai Services shall comply with
            all applicable Laws, including without limitation any
            Applicable Data Protection Laws, and that, without limiting
            the foregoing, Customer Data and Customer Instructional
            Input shall not contain:

        i. any data for which you do not have all rights, power and
            authority necessary for its collection, use and
            processing as contemplated by this Agreement;

        ii. any data with respect to which your use and provision to
            sāf. ai pursuant to this Agreement would breach any
            agreement between you and any third party; or

        iii. any data with respect to which its usage as contemplated
            herein would violate any applicable Laws, including
            without limitation any Applicable Data Protection Laws.
4. **Term**.
    1. **Term of Agreement**. This Agreement shall become effective on
        the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect
        until terminated by either party pursuant to this Section 4. The
        Agreement may be terminated by either party without cause on
        thirty (30) days\' prior written notice if (a) there are no
        operative Order Forms outstanding or (b) the other party is in
        material breach of the Agreement and the breaching party fails
        to cure the breach prior to the end of the notice period. If the
        Agreement terminates pursuant to the prior sentence due to
        sāf.ai\'s material breach, sāf.ai will refund to you that
        portion of any prepayments related to sāf.ai Services not yet
        provided. Either party can immediately terminate the Agreement
        if the other becomes insolvent, makes an assignment for the
        benefit of its creditors, has a receiver, examiner, or
        administrator of its undertaking or the whole or a substantial
        part of its assets appointed, or an order is made, or an
        effective resolution is passed, for its administration,
        examinership, receivership, liquidation, winding-up or other
        similar process, or has any distress, execution or other process
        levied or enforced against the whole or a substantial part of
        its assets (which is not discharged, paid out, withdrawn or
        removed within 30 days), or is subject to any proceedings which
        are equivalent or substantially similar to any of the foregoing
        under any applicable jurisdiction, or ceases to conduct business
        or threatens to do so.
    2. **Term of Order Forms**. The Term of an Order Form shall be as
        specified in the Order Form.
    3. **Monthly PAYG Services**. Notwithstanding anything in this
        Agreement to the contrary, sāf.ai may suspend or terminate any
        Monthly PAYG Services account, and delete any Customer Content
        relating to such account that may be stored within the
        Subscription Services or other sāf.ai\'s Systems, upon
        thirty (30) day\'s prior written notice (email sufficient) if
        sāf.ai reasonably determines the account is inactive as set
        forth in the Acceptable Use Policy.
    4. **Suspension; Termination**. sāf.ai may temporarily suspend or
        terminate the sāf.ai Services at any time (a) immediately
        without notice if sāf.ai reasonably suspects that you have
        violated Section 3 or your responsibilities set forth in Section
        2.2(c) in a manner that may cause material harm or material risk
        of harm to sāf.ai or to any other party, (b) upon ten (10)
        business days\' notice if sāf.ai reasonably suspects that you
        have committed any other violation of Section 3 or your
        responsibilities set forth in Section 2.2(c) or (c) if you or
        your Responsible Customer (as defined below) fail to pay
        undisputed Fees after receiving notice that you are more than
        thirty (30) days delinquent in payment.
    5. **Effects of Termination**. Upon termination for any reason, you
        shall purge all stored elements of the sāf.ai Services from your
        Systems, sāf.ai will, upon your written request, purge all your
        Confidential Information from its Systems, and each party, upon
        request by the other party, shall provide certification of such
        action. All provisions of the Agreement that by their nature
        should survive termination shall so survive, including without
        limitation each party\'s confidentiality obligations under
        Section 6.
5. **Payment**. Unless Customer\'s usage of the sāf.ai Services is
    being paid for by a third party under contract with sāf.ai (such
    third party, the \"**Responsible Customer**\"), Customer shall pay
    all Fees specified in the applicable Order Form. With respect to
    Direct Orders, except as otherwise specified therein: (a) all Fees
    owed to sāf.ai shall be paid in U.S. Dollars; (b) invoiced payments
    shall be due within 30 days of the date of your receipt of each
    invoice; and (c) Fees for all sāf.ai Services shall be invoiced in
    full upon execution of the applicable Order Form. With respect to a
    Reseller Order, payment terms shall be specified on such Reseller
    Order, provided that should Customer fail to pay Fees when due to an
    Authorized Reseller, sāf.ai may seek payment directly from Customer.
    All past due payments, except to the extent reasonably disputed,
    shall accrue interest at the highest rate allowed under applicable
    law but in no event more than one and one-half percent (1.5%) per
    month. You shall be solely responsible for payment of any applicable
    sales, value added or use taxes, or similar government fees or
    taxes.
6. **Confidentiality; Data Protection**.
    1. **Confidentiality**. A receiving party will not use the
        disclosing party\'s Confidential Information except as permitted
        under this Agreement or to enforce its rights under this
        Agreement and will not disclose such Confidential Information to
        any third party except to those of its employees and/or
        subcontractors who have a bona fide need to know such
        Confidential Information for the performance or enforcement of
        this Agreement; provided that each such employee and/or
        subcontractor is bound by a written agreement that contains use
        and disclosure restrictions consistent with the terms set forth
        in this Section 6.1. Each receiving party will protect the
        disclosing party\'s Confidential Information from unauthorized
        use and disclosure using efforts equivalent to the efforts that
        the receiving party ordinarily uses with respect to its own
        Confidential Information of similar nature and in no event using
        less than a reasonable standard of care; provided, however, that
        a party may disclose such Confidential Information as required
        by applicable law, regulation, court order or action by
        applicable regulatory authority, subject to the party required
        to make such disclosure giving reasonable notice to the other
        party to enable it to contest such order or requirement or limit
        the scope of such request. The provisions of this Section 6.1
        shall supersede any non-disclosure agreement by and between the
        parties (whether entered into before, on or after the Effective
        Date) that would purport to address the confidentiality and
        security of Customer Data and such agreement shall have no
        further force or effect with respect to Customer Data.
    2. **Data Protection**. sāf.ai is certified as ISO/IEC 27001:2013
        compliant as of the Effective Date and shall remain certified to
        this or an equivalent or greater standard (the \"ISMS
        Standard\") throughout the term of this Agreement. sāf.ai will
        maintain appropriate administrative, physical, and technical
        safeguards according to the ISMS Standard for protection of the
        security and confidentiality of Customer Data under sāf.ai\'s
        control. Those safeguards will include, but will not be limited
        to, measures designed to prevent unauthorized access to or
        disclosure of Customer Data under sāf.ai\'s control. Without
        limiting the foregoing, sāf.ai acknowledges that it may receive
        or have access to Personal Data provided by your Authorized
        Users during the term of this Agreement. Except with respect to
        a free trial, the terms of the DPA are hereby incorporated by
        reference and shall apply to the extent Customer Data includes
        Personal Data, as defined in the DPA. To the extent Personal
        Data from the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom
        and Switzerland are processed by sāf.ai, the EU-US and/or
        Swiss-US Privacy Shield, and/or the Standard Contractual Clauses
        shall apply, as further set forth in the DPA. Where the Standard
        Contractual Clauses are applicable according to the DPA,
        Customer and its applicable Affiliates are each the data
        exporter, and Customer\'s acceptance of this Agreement, and
        Customer\'s or an applicable Affiliate\'s execution of an Order
        Form, shall be treated as its execution of the Standard
        Contractual Clauses and Appendices.
7. **Warranties; Disclaimer**.
    1. **Warranties**. sāf.ai warrants that, during the term of the
        Agreement, it will employ appropriate industry standards of
        practice designed to: (a) ensure that its provision of the
        sāf.ai Services under this Agreement will not infringe any third
        party Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary
        rights; (b) prevent the transmission of malware or malicious
        code via the sāf.ai Services; (c) meet its performance,
        confidentiality and other obligations under this Agreement; (d)
        prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of Customer
        Content; and (e) ensure that the Platform Services operate
        during the applicable Order Form term(s) substantially in
        accordance with the Documentation.
    2. **Disclaimer**. **THE WARRANTIES IN SECTION 7.1 ARE EXCLUSIVE
        AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
        STATUTORY, REGARDING SĀF.AI AND SĀF.AI\'S SERVICES PROVIDED
        HEREUNDER. SUBJECT TO SECTION 9.1, SĀF.AI SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS
        ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND OTHER TERMS, INCLUDING,
        WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
        NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN (BUT SUBJECT
        ALWAYS TO SECTION 9.1): (a) BETA SERVICES AND ANY SERVICES
        PROVIDED UNDER ANY FREE TRIAL PERIOD ARE PROVIDED \"AS-IS\" AND
        WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND BY SĀF.AI; (b) WITHOUT LIMITATION,
        SĀF.AI DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS,
        TIMELINESS, OR UNINTERRUPTABILITY, OF THE SĀF.AI SERVICES; (c)
        SĀF.AI IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF
        THE SĀF.AI SERVICES OR FOR CONCLUSIONS DRAWN FROM SUCH USE;
        AND (d) SĀF.AI\'S EFFORTS TO RESTORE LOST OR CORRUPTED CUSTOMER
        INSTRUCTIONAL INPUT PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.2(c)(iii) SHALL
        CONSTITUTE SĀF.AI\'S SOLE LIABILITY AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
        REMEDY IN THE EVENT OF ANY LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF CUSTOMER
        CONTENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE SĀF.AI SERVICES**.
8. **Indemnification**.
    1. **Indemnification by sāf.ai**. Subject to Section 8.5, sāf.ai
        will defend Customer against any claim, demand, suit or
        proceeding made or brought against Customer by a third party (a
        \"Claim Against Customer\") alleging that the sāf.ai Services as
        provided to Customer by sāf.ai or Customer\'s use of the sāf.ai
        Services in accordance with the Documentation and this Agreement
        infringes or misappropriates such party\'s Intellectual Property
        Rights (an \"IP Claim\"), and will indemnify Customer from and
        against any damages, attorney fees and costs finally awarded
        against Customer as a result of, or for amounts paid by Customer
        under a settlement approved by sāf.ai in writing of, a Claim
        Against Customer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, sāf.ai will
        have no liability for any infringement or misappropriation claim
        of any kind if such claim arises from: (a) any public open
        source version of any sāf.ai software (located at
        github.com/safai-labs), if the claim of infringement or
        misappropriation does not allege with specificity that the
        infringement or misappropriation arises from the Platform
        Services (as opposed to saf.ai AIFS or CENC software); (b) the
        combination, operation or use of the sāf.ai Services with
        equipment, devices, software or data (including without
        limitation your Confidential Information) not supplied by
        sāf.ai, if a claim would not have occurred but for such
        combination, operation or use; or (c) your or an Authorized
        User\'s use of the sāf.ai Services other than in accordance with
        the Documentation and this Agreement.
    2. **Injunction**. If sāf.ai receives information about an
        infringement or misappropriation claim related to a sāf.ai
        Service, then sāf.ai may at its sole option and expense: (a)
        replace or modify the applicable sāf.ai Services to make them
        non-infringing and of equivalent functionality; (b) procure for
        you the right to continue using the sāf.ai Services under the
        terms of this Agreement; or (c) if sāf.ai is unable to
        accomplish either (a) or (b) despite using its reasonable
        efforts, terminate your rights and sāf.ai\'s obligation under
        this Agreement with respect to such sāf.ai Services and refund
        to you any Fees prepaid by you for sāf.ai Services not yet
        provided.
    3. **Indemnification by Customer**. Subject to Section 8.5,
        Customer shall defend sāf.ai and its Affiliates and its and each
        of their officers, employees, directors, and agents (each, a
        \"sāf.ai Indemnitee\") against any claim, demand, suit or
        proceeding made or brought against a sāf.ai Indemnitee by a
        third party (a \"Claim Against sāf.ai\") (a) alleging that any
        Customer Content or its use with the sāf.ai Services infringes
        or misappropriates such party\'s Intellectual Property Rights;
        or (b) arising from or related to Customer\'s use of the sāf.ai
        Services in violation of any Law or this Agreement, and shall
        indemnify each sāf.ai Indemnitee from and against any damages,
        attorney fees and costs finally awarded against a sāf.ai
        Indemnitee as a result of, or for amounts paid by a sāf.ai
        Indemnitee under a settlement approved by Customer in writing
        of, a Claim Against sāf.ai. Sole Remedy for Infringement of
        Intellectual Property Rights. SUBJECT TO SECTION 8.5 BELOW, THE
        FOREGOING SECTIONS 8.1 and 8.2 STATE THE ENTIRE OBLIGATION OF
        SĀF.AI AND ITS LICENSORS WITH RESPECT TO ANY ALLEGED OR ACTUAL
        INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
        BY THE SĀF.AI SERVICES.
    4. **Conditions of Indemnification**. As a condition to an
        indemnifying party\'s (each, an \"**Indemnitor**\") obligations
        under this Section 8, a party seeking indemnification (each, an
        \"**Indemnitee**\") will: (a) promptly notify the Indemnitor of
        the claim for which the Indemnitee is seeking indemnification
        (but late notice will only relieve Indemnitor of its obligation
        to indemnify to the extent that it has been prejudiced by the
        delay); (b) grant the Indemnitor sole control of the defense
        (including selection of counsel) and settlement of the
        claim; (c) provide the Indemnitor, at the Indemnitor\'s expense,
        with all assistance, information and authority reasonably
        required for the defense and settlement of the claim; (d)
        preserve and will not waive legal, professional or any other
        privilege attaching to any of the records, documents, or other
        information in relation to such claim without prior notification
        of consent by the Indemnitor. The Indemnitor will not settle any
        claim in a manner that does not fully discharge the claim
        against an Indemnitee or that imposes any obligation on, or
        restricts any right of, an Indemnitee without the Indemnitee\'s
        prior written consent, which may not be unreasonably withheld or
        delayed. An Indemnitee has the right to retain counsel, at the
        Indemnitee\'s expense, to participate in the defense or
        settlement of any claim. The Indemnitor will not be liable for
        any settlement or compromise that an Indemnitee enters into
        without the Indemnitor\'s prior written consent.
9. **Limitation of Liability**.
    1. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit either party\'s liability
        for the Excluded Claims; or any other liability that cannot be
        excluded or limited by applicable Laws.
    2. Subject to Section 9.1, neither party nor its Affiliates shall
        be liable for any:

        a.  loss of profits or revenue;

        b.  loss from damage to business or goodwill;

        c.  loss arising from inaccurate or unexpected results of
            algorithms submitted by the other party to the sāf.ai
            Services; or

        d.  other indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or
            consequential loss or damages; even if a party has been
            advised of the possibility of such losses or damages arising
    3. SUBJECT TO SECTION 9.1, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE
        LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY TOGETHER WITH ALL OF ITS AFFILIATES
        ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL
        AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER AND ITS AFFILIATES HEREUNDER FOR THE
        SĀF.AI SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY IN THE TWELVE (12)
        MONTHS PRECEDING THE FIRST INCIDENT OUT OF WHICH THE LIABILITY
        AROSE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION SHALL APPLY WHETHER AN ACTION IS
        IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY,
        BUT WILL NOT LIMIT CUSTOMER\'S AND ITS AFFILIATES\' PAYMENT
        OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE \"FEES AND PAYMENT\" SECTION ABOVE.
    4. Notwithstanding the previous paragraph, but subject to Section
        9.1, any liability relating to sāf.ai Services provided free of
        charge, including any Beta Services or sāf.ai Services provided
        during a free trial period, shall be limited to five thousand US
        dollars (USD \$5,000).
10. **Export**. The sāf.ai Services, and/or derivatives thereof, may be
    subject to export Laws of the United States and other jurisdictions.
    Each party represents that it is not named on any U.S. government
    denied-party list. You shall not permit your users to access or use
    any sāf.ai Services in a U.S. embargoed country (as of the Effective
    Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or Crimea) or in
    violation of any U.S. export Law.
11. **Equitable Relief**. Each party acknowledges and agrees that the
    other party may be irreparably harmed in the event that such party
    breaches Section 6 (Confidentiality), and that monetary damages
    alone cannot fully compensate the non-breaching party for such harm.
    Accordingly, each party hereto hereby agrees that the non-breaching
    party shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent or stop such
    breach, and to obtain specific enforcement thereof. Any such
    equitable remedies obtained shall be in addition to, and not
    foreclose, any other remedies that may be available.
12. General.
    1. **Governing Law and Venue**. The governing law and exclusive
        venue applicable to any lawsuit or other dispute arising in
        connection with this Agreement shall be determined by the
        location of Customer\'s principal place of business
        (\"Domicile\"), as follows:

        | Customer's Domicile  | Governing Law | Venue (courts width exclusive jurisdiction |
        |:--------------------:|:-------------:|:------------------------------------------:|
        | North America | Maryland | Maryland (state and U.S. federal courts) |
        | Europe; South America; Middle East; Africa |  | Delaware (state and U.S. federal courts) |

        The parties hereby irrevocably consent to the personal
        jurisdiction and venue of the courts in the venues shown above.
        In all cases, the application of law shall be without regard to,
        or application of, conflict of law rules or principles, and the
        United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
        Sale of Goods shall not apply.

    2. **U.S. Government Users**. If Customer is a U.S. government
        entity, or this Agreement otherwise becomes subject to the
        Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Customer acknowledges that
        the Platform Services constitute software and documentation
        provided as \"Commercial Items\" under 48 C.F.R. 2.101 and
        developed solely at private expense, and are being licensed and
        made accessible to U.S. government users as commercial computer
        software subject to the restricted rights described in 48 C.F.R.
        12.212.

    3. **Insurance Coverage**. sāf.ai will maintain commercially
        appropriate insurance coverage given the nature of the sāf.ai
        Services and sāf.ai\'s obligations under this Agreement. Such
        insurance will be in an industry standard form with admitted
        insurance carriers with A.M. ratings of AM-IX or better, and
        shall include commercially appropriate cyber liability insurance
        coverage. Upon Customer\'s request, sāf.ai will provide to
        Customer proof evidencing sāf.ai\'s insurance coverage.

    4. **Entire Agreement, Construction, Amendment and Execution**.
        This Agreement (including all Order Forms) is the complete and
        exclusive understanding and agreement between the parties
        regarding its subject matter. Nothing in the preceding sentence
        shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent
        misrepresentation. To the extent any provision in an Order Form
        clearly conflicts with a provision of these Terms or a provision
        of an earlier Order Form, the provision in the new Order Form
        shall be binding and the conflicting provision in these Terms or
        in the earlier Order Form shall be deemed modified solely to the
        extent reasonably necessary to eliminate the conflict and solely
        with respect to the new Order Form (unless expressly intended to
        permanently amend the Agreement). If any provision of this
        Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision
        shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible, and the other
        provisions shall remain in full force and effect. The headings
        in this Agreement are solely for convenience, and shall not be
        taken into consideration in interpretation of the Agreement.
        Each party acknowledges and agrees that it has adequate
        sophistication, including legal representation, to fully review
        and understand this Agreement; therefore, in interpretation of
        the Agreement with respect to any drafting ambiguities that may
        be identified or alleged, no presumption shall be given in favor
        of the non-drafting party. This Agreement may not be modified or
        amended except by mutual written agreement of the parties.
        Without limiting the foregoing, no Customer purchase order shall
        be deemed to modify an Order Form or this Agreement unless
        expressly pre-authorized in writing by sāf.ai. This Agreement
        (including all Order Forms) may be executed in two or more
        counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all
        of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same
        instrument. A party\'s electronic signature or transmission of
        any document by electronic means shall be deemed to bind such
        party as if signed and transmitted in physical form.

    5. **Assignment**. No assignment, novation or transfer of a
        party\'s rights and obligations under this Agreement
        (\"Assignment\") is permitted except with the prior written
        approval of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably
        withheld; provided, however, that either party may freely make
        an Assignment to a successor in interest upon a change of
        Control.

    6. **Notice**. Any required notice under this Agreement shall be
        deemed given when received by letter delivered by nationally
        recognized overnight delivery service or recorded prepaid mail.
        Unless notified in writing of a change of address, you shall
        send any required notice to sāf.ai, Inc., 7200 Wisconsin Ave.
        Suite 302, Bethesda, MD 20854, USA, attention: Legal Department,
        and sāf.ai shall send any required notice to you directed to the
        most recent address you have provided to sāf.ai for such notice.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, notice as required under Section
        4.4 may be provided by email sent to a person the party
        providing notice reasonably believes to have responsibility for
        the other party\'s activities under this Agreement.

    7. **Force Majeure**. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
        contrary, Customer understands and agrees that its use of the
        sāf.ai Services may be interrupted by circumstances beyond
        sāf.ai\'s reasonable control, including without limitation acts
        of God, acts of government, changes in law or regulations, acts
        or omissions of third parties, flood, fire, earthquakes, civil
        unrest, wars, acts of terror, strikes or other actions taken by
        labor organizations, computer, telecommunications, the Internet,
        Internet service provider or hosting facility failures or delays
        involving hardware, software or power systems not within
        sāf.ai\'s possession or reasonable control, and network
        intrusions or denial of service attacks, or any other cause,
        whether similar or dissimilar to any of the foregoing that is
        beyond sāf.ai\'s reasonable control (individually or
        collectively as applicable, \"Force Majeure\"). sāf.ai shall not
        be responsible or otherwise liable for any Force Majeure or any
        consequences thereof.

\[signature page follows\]

By signing below, each party acknowledges that it has read and
understood the terms of these Terms of Service and agrees to be bound by
them.
